.TH LUKSCTL\&.PROFILE 5 "JUNE 2013"

.SH NAME
luksctl.profile \- Profile options

.SH SYNOPSIS
.sp
luksctl\&.profile

.SH DESCRIPTION

.sp
Profiles for luksctl live under \fI/etc/luksctl/\fR and are Python-style
configuration files. The name of the profile is the name of the file, i.e. the
profile <name> is stored in the file \fI/etc/luksctl/<name>\fR. It is advisable
to not include any fancy characters in the file name.  Profiles are divided
into three sections.  There is an example profile file in
\fI/etc/luksctl/examples/\fR\&.

.SH LUKS OPTIONS

Th LUKS options control the locking and the unlocking of the LUKS-encrypted
device.

[luks]

.sp
.PP
\fBdevice\fR = \fI/path/to/device\fR
.RS 4
.RE

.PP
\fBkeyfile\fR = \fI/path/to/keyfile\fR
.RS 4
(optional) Unlock the LUKS-encrypted device using the keyfile
\fI/path/to/keyfile\fR. See \fBcryptsetup\fR(8) for a description on how to add
a keyfile as a key to a LUKS-encrypted device.
.RE

.SH LVM OPTIONS

The LVM options control the activation and the deactivation of the logical
volumes on the LUKS-encrypted device.

[lvm]

.sp
.PP
\fBvg\fR = <volume-group>
.RS 4
(required) This is the name of the LVM volume group whose logical volumes are
to be activated after the LUKS-encrypted device has been unlocked. Likewise,
the logical volumes are deactivated before the LUKS-encrypted device is locked.

.RE

.SH MOUNT OPTIONS

The mount options specify the mountpoints for mounting after logical volume
activation and for unmounting prior to logical volume deactivation.

[mount]

.sp
.PP
\fI/path/to/mountpoint\fR =
.RS 4
(optional) Specifies that a filesystem shall be mounted at
\fI/path/to/mountpoint\fR after the logical volumes of the LVM are activated.
The mountpoint needs to be configured in \fBfstab\fR(5). Several mountpoints
can be listed. The "=" after the mountpoint is necessary to conform to the
syntax of Python configuration files. The filesystems will be unmounted before
deactivating the logical volumes irrespectively of whether the filesystem
resides in one of the logical volumes.
.RE

.SH AUTHOR

Julius Adorf <jeadorf@gmail.com>

.SH SEE ALSO

.sp
\fBluksctl\fR(8) \fBcryptsetup\fR(8) \fBfstab\fR(5)
